Let's take a look at the solution for exercise 3.
So I'm going to open up my solutions folder.
Lesson 2, exercise 3.
So we had to change a couple of things here.
First, we needed to set the execution date,
equal to kwargs execution date.
So because we provide a context to the function,
we're able to look at the keyword arguments,
and get the execution date.
Just a reminder that the execution date is the actual datetime.date time object,
that gives us the year and month of executions that we can properly segment the data.
We go to the bottom where we have our actual provide context statement equal to true.
So our Python operator that's loading to trip data,
is now going to provide context to the actual function that we're calling.
You would end up seeing a similar result to what you saw in the demonstration.
Where you would see data run month by month,
but instead of seeing the data run month by month,
or load all the data month by month,
you're going to see it load just that month's worth of data for that particular run.
So I'm going to toggle this off,
and then we're going to return to our slides.
There was actually one quick question I want to just cover, which was,
if you were just to provide SQL string,
say here, would that work?
The answer is, yes. You could just type in SQL here like this,
select star from stations.
You can write SQL just like that.
You don't actually need to make it a separate variable and import it.
I'm doing that just because I don't want to distract you guys,
as you go through and try to parse the Airflow.
I wanted just to be it out.
Getting Airflow organized and setup.
But you absolutely could come in here and write SQL statements just like this.